17-nov-2010
Carry forward items from 16-nov-2010 (not entered here)
	CF1. Modify grammar to allow embedded widget for date - like Calendar
	CF2. Create TS UI using above 
	CF3. Login Form
	CF4. Simple validation checks on selected Items
	CF5. CSS styling of Form Widgets
	CF6. Modify grammar to allow to group fields in UI
Carry forward items from 11-nov-2010.
	CF1. Automatic search setup -> for all tables, single reference, depth level 1, pull all search fields into search dialog
	CF2. Automatic Edit/Update
	CF3. Choose from grid view load form (implementing of select single record by primary key)
	CF4. Modify Dialog form selector to transfer text and value back to form
		- currently it only transfers a value back to form
	CF5. Automatic insert
	CF6. Partially done - play with Layout of form - this depends on 16-nov-2010 CF6 -> grammar modification to group fields in UI
	CF7. Table list view - any single referenced field marked as view , we should search referenced table for fields marked as view and expose
	CF8. Figure out how to apply CSS to the Wt widgets
	CF9. Figure out how to pass a c++ function as a parameter (Template metaprogramming?)
	CF10. Create website
		- landing page
		- wiki user guide
		- Features page
		- Investor's page
New Items 17-nov-2010
	1. Loading of Details table by using Primary key from master (e.g. load Employee status using Employee_code from Employee form)
	2. Implement search functionality on the front end
	3. Implement menu functionality
	4. Modify grammar to allow Random Data Generation (RDG) hints
	5. Implement a new grammar which takes RDG hints as keywords along with associated files
		to use as data sources along with length of the fields.
	

11-nov-2010
DONE 1. Program options - take database, portnumber, password, username as parameters - use boost where possible - almost done today itself
DONE 2. Toplogical sort of graph - so that we output the create table/ random data inputs in correct order  and drop functions also 
TODO 3. Automatic search  -> for all tables, single reference, depth level 1, pull all search fields into search dialog
TODO 4. Automatic Edit/Update
TODO 5. Choose view - should load form and activate edit buttons
PARTIALLY DONE 6. Form chooser should transfer back text and value (ideally text should be 2nd field in table - ie. after primary key)
TODO 7. Automatic Insert
PARTIALLY EXPERIMENTED WITH GRID LAYOUT IN NORTH BORDER 8. Play with layout of form using HBoxLayout, VBoxLayout , BoxLayout
TODO 9. Table list view - any single referenced field marked as view , we should search referenced table for fields marked as view and expose
DONE FOR TABLE ROWS 10. Figure out how to apply CSS to the Wt widgets
TODO 11. Figure out how to pass a c++ function as a parameter (Template metaprogramming?)
TODO 12. create website
	- landing page
	- wiki user guide
	- Features page
	- Investor's page
